changelog for v0.25.0 (#10644)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/whatsnew/changelog.md

\* CloudStack provider support is deprecated in v0.25.0 and will be removed in the next minor release.
\* Snow provider support is deprecated in v0.25.0 and will be removed in the next minor release.

### Added
- Support for Kubernetes v1.35 ([#10517](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/pull/10517), [#5112](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere-build-tooling/pull/5112))
- Migrate all Cluster API resources to v1beta2 contract ([#10545](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/pull/10545), [#10547](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/pull/10547), [#10556](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/pull/10556), [#10604](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/pull/10604))
- Add HardwareAffinity field to TinkerbellMachineConfig API ([#10472](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/pull/10472))
- Add Intel ICE E800 series out-of-tree driver support in Hook ([#5156](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere-build-tooling/pull/5156))

> - Consolidate tinkerbell components into a single mono-repo with unified helm chart ([#10518](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/pull/10518), [#10521](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/pull/10521), [#10523](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere/pull/10523), [#5074](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere-build-tooling/pull/5074), [#5095](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere-build-tooling/pull/5095), [#5100](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere-build-tooling/pull/5100), [#5194](https://github.com/aws/eks-anywhere-build-tooling/pull/5194))

Author: reduced to two PRs one on build-tooling and one on eks-anywhere

- EKS Distro:
  - [`v1-35-eks-5`](https://distro.eks.amazonaws.com/releases/1-35/5/)
  - [`v1-34-eks-14`](https://distro.eks.amazonaws.com/releases/1-34/14/)
  - [`v1-33-eks-23`](https://distro.eks.amazonaws.com/releases/1-33/23/)
  - [`v1-32-eks-33`](https://distro.eks.amazonaws.com/releases/1-32/33/)
  - [`v1-31-eks-40`](https://distro.eks.amazonaws.com/releases/1-31/40/)
  - [`v1-30-eks-51`](https://distro.eks.amazonaws.com/releases/1-30/51/)
  - [`v1-29-eks-58`](https://distro.eks.amazonaws.com/releases/1-29/58/)

### Changed
- Cluster API (CAPI): `v1.11.1` to `v1.12.2`
- Cluster API Provider vSphere: `v1.13.1` to `v1.15.2`
- Cluster API Provider Tinkerbell: `v0.6.5` to `v0.6.6`
- Cluster API Provider AWS Snow: `v0.2.8` to `v0.2.9`
- Bottlerocket: `v1.51.0` to `v1.54.0`
- Cert-manager: `v1.18.5` to `v1.19.3`
- Cilium: `v1.17.12` to `v1.18.5`
- Helm: `v3.16.4` to `v4.1.0`
- Image builder: `v0.1.44` to `v0.1.48`
- Kind: `v0.29.0` to `v0.31.0`
- Cri-tools: `v1.34.0` to `v1.35.0`
- Kube-rbac-proxy: `v0.20.0` to `v0.20.2`
- CloudStack cloudmonkey: `6.4.0` to `6.5.0`
- etcdadm-controller: `v1.0.26` to `v1.0.27`
- etcdadm-bootstrap-provider: `v1.0.18` to `v1.0.19`

> ### Deprecated

Reviewer: - Starting with EKS-A minor release v0.26, EKS-A will no longer include Cluster API providers for CloudStack or AWS Snow, and AWS will no longer support these providers. Users are encouraged to find alternative support.

> - CloudStack provider support is deprecated and will be removed in the next minor release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CloudStack provider will no longer be included in EKS-A starting with the EKS-A v0.26 release
```

> - CloudStack provider support is deprecated and will be removed in the next minor release

Reviewer: Remove in favor of my suggestion.

> - Snow provider support is deprecated and will be removed in the next minor release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Snow provider will no longer be included in EKS-A starting with the EKS-A v0.26 release
```
